[intriguing music playing]
[Koyama] Guess we ran
into more trouble than expected.
CLAW
7TH DIVISION
-[Sakurai] You mean you did.
-[Koyama] Whatever!
You only had wimpy-looking ones
to deal with.
[Sakurai] I'm amazed
this one actually managed
to hurt you, Koyama.
He might get special treatment.
-[sighs]
-[Koyama] No, it wasn't him.
Another guy got in my way,
and he was freakin' tough.
What? You're saying
you encountered another esper?
Yeah.
His psychic abilities
were really strong for a kid.
I couldn't match him in power,
so I used your spray.
[Sakurai] And where is that kid?
He wasn't part of the mission,
so I left him.
[Sakurai] This is why
I didn't wanna pair up with you.
Huh? What's that?
Though he may not have been your target,
our orders are to make abducting kids
with the strongest psychic powers
our top priority!
If the division leader found out
that you messed up like this--
[Terada laughs]
This all sounds very interesting, indeed.
Just fill me in on the situation.
We'll handle it ourselves.
I'll make sure the division leader…
TERADA
CLAW UPPER ECHELON
…never hears a peep about this.
[Sakurai] This is the worst person
to overhear us.
["99" playing]
♪ If everyone is not special
Maybe you can be what you want to be ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ One, two, three, four, five ♪
♪ Six, seven, eight, nine, ten ♪
♪ Eleven, twelve, thirteen
Fourteen, fifteen ♪
♪ Sixteen, seventeen
Eighteen, nineteen, twenty ♪
♪ Twenty-one, twenty-two
Twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Twenty-six, twenty-seven
Twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Thirty-one, thirty-two
Thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Thirty-six, thirty-seven
Thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ Mob, Mob, what do you want?♪
♪ Mob, Mob, why do you want?
Mob, Mob ♪
♪ Who do you want?
Move, move, just like Mob! ♪
♪ If everyone is not special
Maybe you can be what you want to be ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ Your life is your own, okay? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Eighty-one, eighty-two
Eighty-three, eighty-four ♪
♪ Eighty-five, eighty-six, eighty-seven
Eighty-eight, eighty-nine, ninety ♪
♪ Ninety-one, ninety-two
Ninety-three, ninety-four, ninety-five, ♪
♪ Ninety-six, ninety-seven
Ninety-eight, ninety-nine! ♪
[song concludes]
"CLAW"
~7TH DIVISION~
[dramatic music playing]
[engine revs]
[man] Pardon me for asking, Terada,
but wouldn't it be better
to bring the other Scars too?
No. I'm all that's needed for this one.
Koyama's an idiot, but he is powerful.
As an enemy, that kid'll be a handful.
If he joins us, he'll surpass me,
which is not an option.
So I don't consider this a mission.
We're just gonna go nip
a little trouble in the bud.
Oh. And this is a secret, by the way.
Let's say we're gonna capture him, got it?
[man] Yes. Understood.
[Teru] What do you wanna do, Kageyama?
This is a big organization.
Well-run too.
If you ask me,
I think you're going to need
somebody pretty special
on your side for this.
What do you mean?
[Teru] Somebody strong
and extremely smart.
You know,
like somebody right under your nose.
The Body Improvement Club!
Come on. There's no need for you
to play the fool here.
I'm talking about me!
So let's team up for this one.
Yeah? You sure, Hanazawa?
That came outta nowhere, didn't it?
[Teru] Look, I'm going to end up clashing
with Claw again someday.
So I figured I should do it now
while I still have
-a fighting chance against them.
-[grunts]
[Teru] And by fighting chance, I mean you.
You get serious about this,
and there's no way we'd lose.
How can you say that?
We don't even have a clue where to start.
Please! Let me help too!
If there's anything you need, let me know!
-[Teru] That won't be necessary.
-Uh…
I'm confident that the next attacker
will be here any second.
But that's no good at all!
You should hurry and--
-[door opens]
-[Dimple] Hmm?
Well, that was quicker than I thought.
-[dramatic music playing]
-I'm looking for Kageyama.
Now, which one of you would that be?
Let's ask him some questions.
[Mob] Hmm.
[Sakurai] Do you think
Terada can win against that kid?
Come on, I'm stronger than that guy.
That's not what I'm asking you.
-I wanted to know if he could win.
-[gulps]
Well, Terada's always been cautious.
As strong as that kid was,
he was still only a kid.
If I hadn't let my guard down,
I could've squashed him from the get-go.
Terada will probably be fully prepared.
-So if you ask me…
-[elevator bell dings]
…that kid's probably gonna go through
some harsh torture.
[grunts, screams]
-Hurry up and spit it out.
-I let my guard down!
-[pants]
-He's tired.
Why don't you let him catch his breath
and relax with a sip of water?
Do you have any idea
how cruel that suggestion is?
You don't have to be nice
to scum like these clowns.
-[Terada groans]
-But either way,
it seems like this guy won't talk.
Guess Claw's elite,
the Scars, live up to their name.
Despite fighting the boss
and ending up with a scar,
their abilities were acknowledged,
and they became part of the upper echelon.
And then this guy Terada
heard about the kid
who gave another Scar member,
Koyama, some trouble and showed up.
Tough break, man.
You ended up being captured and tortured.
Now, if you feel you're in danger,
tell us what you know, quickly.
I did! I did!
Everything you just said to me
is from the information that I gave you!
True.
We know about their hideout,
the names, as well as the abilities
of all the other Scar members,
and a few other things on top of that.
Maybe. But I find it hard to believe
he'd tell us everything so easily.
[Terada] Come on, kid. Gimme a break.
-[Koyama] What's the hold-up?
-[mysterious music playing]
[Koyama] It's past the time
for our regular upper echelon meeting,
yet only seven out of the 11
are even here.
What a joke. You've gotta wonder
about Claw's management system.
Terada knew about this and left anyway.
So he should be fired!
Need I remind you…
MURAKI
-…that you two just showed up?
-[Mukai] He's right.
MUKAI
Makes you about 30 minutes late.
[Takeuchi] This group is comprised
of numerous people
who have never worked well with others.
TAKEUCHI
As long as we do what we need to do
when we need to do it, it's fine.
[laughs]
MIYAGAWA
Then I guess you're out, Koyama.
Heard you got your ass kicked
by a middle-schooler.
[both grunt]
I didn't lose. And I completed my mission.
TSUCHIYA
You really are a simpleton, you know that?
I suggest you stop playing around
with these macho games and--
Shut your mouth, fugly!
[Tsuchiya]
I'll kill you, you pierced chicken.
What?
Koyama. Go and take a seat.
The division leader is here.
[mysterious music continues]
[Ishiguro] Hope you weren't waiting long.
ISHIGURO
I just got a message from the boss.
He's coming back to Japan next month.
From what I've gathered,
he's going to pick a couple of you
to be the upper echelon back at HQ.
What? Are you serious?
[Ishiguro] Yes,
but it seems doubtful he'd pick you,
considering how badly you messed up today.
[grunts]
[trainer] That's right!
Basically, our goal is world domination.
A skilled hawk can hide its claws
until the last second,
but we're not like that.
We're more like badass hawks
who don't hide our claws!
'Cause of that, we'll steal all we can,
stand at the top of the world,
and lead humanity
into its rightful and glorious future!
Sound good? Anyone wanna join us?
Any of you guys?
-What morons.
-[grunts]
Listen up, you cocky Natural brats.
I wouldn't underestimate
the power of your trainers, if I were you.
[trainer 2] Remember, you noobs
haven't even been acknowledged
as members yet! It's not a done deal!
[gasps]
Are you the person in charge here?
No one in our group has psychic powers.
This is a big misunderstanding,
so please let us go.
[Muto] Did you all make
a secret agreement…
MUTO
…to act as though
you don't have any psychic powers
in the hopes that you would be freed?
-[intense music playing]
-[Ritsu grunts]
Very well. You, come out here.
[Kaito whimpers]
The younger Shiratori brother.
[Muto] You have ten seconds.
Now show me your powers.
Be quick.
[tense music playing]
[Ritsu] Don't do it.
-[Muto] All right. I understand.
-[sighs]
Come. Nobody holds out on me.
[Daichi] K… Kaito!
[Ritsu] They're gonna try
to brainwash us one by one.
[Takeshi breathes shakily]
[Rei] Why is this happening?
[sobs] I just wanna go home!
-[Kaito screams]
-[Muto laughs]
[Kaito] Daichi, help!
Save me!
-[thud]
-[Kaito grunts]
-[gasps]
Huh? Oh, no! What happened?
No… Kaito…
Wh… What have they done to you?
-[door opens]
-[gasps]
[all gasp]
[Daichi] He… He's dead…
[Muto] This will happen to all of you.
Take the evening
to reconsider your attitudes.
If you value your pathetic lives.
[all whimpering]
[Teru] I see it.
It's that building, right?
Yes. That's it.
These powers can't be coming from a child.
[yelps]
Okay. We should go
the rest of the way on foot.
-[Terada groans]
-Terada's getting away.
[Dimple] Should we go after him?
[Teru] Hmm…
Considering how badly we beat him,
I doubt he'll defy us again.
It'd just be a waste of time,
so let's continue on inside
and save your little brother.
[tense music playing]
Stupid brats.
You'll pay with your lives for mocking me
and trampling my pride!
Telekinetic Control.
Air Whips!
With a range of 60 meters,
my powers will display
their true potential
here among the trees!
[birds cawing]
-[Mob] Hmm?
-[wind whooshing]
[gasps]
[yells]
[grunts] Kageyama! Are you all right?
Yeah, but that startled me.
Where'd these trees come from?
[Teru] It's that Terada guy.
He said he used telekinetic powers
in the shape of whips.
-[Terada] Say your prayers, brats!
-[gasps]
-[Teru] Terada!
-If I let you escape me
and infiltrate the facility like this,
my reputation will be ruined!
[Teru grunts]
-[groans]
-I've got you now, punk!
[Teru groans]
[Terada laughs]
Well, I guess
you aren't so lame after all. [grunts]
Oh, crap! [grunts]
My powers are pretty impressive, huh?
How long can you keep this up?
Kageyama!
I have to focus on keeping
these trees away from me.
Do something!
[Mob] I guess there're a lot of ways
to use powers.
[Terada screams]
[music concludes]
[sighs]
Apparently,
in the face of absolute power,
technique and finesse don't mean much.
You were finished as soon as Kageyama
considered you an enemy.
This battle will only last one night.
[pensive music playing]
-Let's escape.
-Come on, man!
You saw what happened!
If we defy them, we're all dead!
Can't stop thinking about it.
Blood everywhere--
Shut up! Just stop it.
If they're gonna torture me,
and brainwash me later,
I'd rather risk my life trying to escape.
Maybe, but Shiratori's still grieving
over his brother.
It'll take him a while to get over this.
Shiratori, help us escape from this place.
Have a heart, dude!
Sure. I wanna get outta here too.
[Takeshi] Uh?
[Daichi] Apparently,
my younger brother is fine.
Huh?
[Daichi] We're telepaths, remember?
We can communicate with each other
even if one of us is far away.
I was talking to him just now.
He said that he was shown
a glimpse of all of our bodies,
bloody and lifeless.
I'm not completely sure how it works,
but I think that guy has hypnotic powers
that show us illusions.
Must be how this organization
brainwashes people.
Through fear.
-[intriguing music playing]
-Good thing he chose to take my brother.
'Cause together
we saw through their tricks.
So he's alive.
[grunts softly] Yeah,
but that doesn't change the fact
that these people are dangerous.
And that's exactly
why we need to get out of here.
Let's make our move tonight.
Those trainers still underestimate us,
-and we should take advantage of that.
-[trainers laugh]
Wait. Hey, what're you guys
talking about over there?
They must be workin' on their escape plan.
Yeah whatever.
They're not gonna go anywhere.
Not the best time for this, but…
[Takeshi] What's wrong?
Well, before I tell you all of my plans,
I just wanted to know…
Uh…
What are your names again?
For real? Man!
You don't even remember our names?
What's wrong with you?
You always were hard to read
with that gloomy face of yours.
-But that is kinda rude.
-[sighs]
Now, now. Let's put that behind us
and introduce ourselves again.
My name is Rei Kurosaki.
And my specialty is clairvoyance.
Pleasure to work with you.
[Ritsu] Likewise.
Takeshi Hoshino.
I have some super strong
telekinetic powers.
Go Asahi. I'm known as the godsend
who's able to burn down
everything in his path.
[Ritsu] By whom, exactly?
I look forward to working with you.
My name is Daichi Shiratori.
Kaito's my little brother,
who got taken away from us.
Let's hurry up and rescue Kaito,
then get the hell outta here.
[Takeshi] But do you have
any kind of plan? We'll need one.
And don't forget,
the trainers are right over there.
[Ritsu] I think they already know
we're trying to pull off
some sort of escape.
I'm sure there were other kids
who tried to do the same thing.
That would mean they're used
to dealing with escape attempts.
There goes any chance we had
of leaving this place.
Not necessarily.
If they're still
underestimating our powers,
then we can get outta here.
Really? How?
They probably let their guard down
'cause we're kids.
They didn't check our belongings.
A spoon? So do you just
carry that around everywhere?
[upbeat music playing]
Ignite!
[grunts]
-Now, Hoshino!
-All right!
There! [grunts]
[yells]
Oh, it opened.
That was easier than I thought.
Well done, brats.
What's your next move? Huh?
Can't wait to hear about it.
Crap. Kageyama? What now?
Let me warn you, it's safer in that cell.
Take one step outside of there,
and you'll regret it.
Kageyama?
You had a plan for all this, didn't you?
Let's use Hoshino's
super strong telekinesis
and Asahi's fire power to get outta here.
[both] Uh…
[trainers laugh]
Isn't that adorable?
[Takeshi] Listen, man,
you can't move something
as heavy as a person with telekinesis.
It's impossible!
[Go] I might be a pyrokinetic genius,
but even I can't set fire
to something that's moving.
Really sorry about this.
I'll take care of it, then.
[all] Huh?
[suspenseful music playing]
[trainer 2 laughs]
You'll all be held responsible.
If you think we're gonna
hold back on you 'cause you're kids,
-you're mistaken.
-I don't think that.
The three of you are incompetent,
disposable lackeys,
so why would I ever expect you
to have any common sense?
[Takeshi] Y… You're gonna be killed,
Kageyama.
[trainer] Oh, I see. Tough guy, huh?
Well, try protecting yourself
with that spoon-bending.
Mr. Natural!
[Ritsu] Please, powers. Do as I say.
I really need you!
[screams]
[grunts]
[exhales heavily]
[Takeshi] Wh… Whoa. That's crazy!
Guess you didn't even
need us to open the lock.
[Ritsu] No, we needed to show them
that we were limited in our powers.
[both gasp]
[Ritsu] This is a blind spot
for that security camera.
Let's have whoever's watching
think we're being disciplined
for a while and go rescue Kaito.
But even with my powers,
I don't know where he is.
Kurosaki.
At this point, we're gonna have to rely
on your clairvoyance.
Huh? My powers?
Can we count on you?
-[magical music playing]
-[gasps] I'll… I'll give it my best.
[both] Oh… Give me a break…
[suspenseful music playing]
[Dimple] There're some tough-lookin' guys
by the entrance.
What should we do?
Shigeo, you really need
to think about this.
[Teru] Wanna blow them away?
[Dimple] But we don't know
anything about 'em.
[Mob] Uh… Um…
Uh… Let's focus on rescuing Ritsu.
-[Dimple] That figures.
-Okay, then.
Oh! What's that technique?
It's the Air Whips.
I figured them out.
[both screaming]
[grunts]
Sorry 'bout that.
[Dimple] I'm not sure if you knew this,
but it's easier to possess somebody
when they're in shock.
[Teru] You seem used to this, Dimple.
Are you a pretty dangerous evil spirit?
No, of course not. Right, Shigeo?
He's totally dangerous.
We might've been better off
if you'd possessed Terada,
'cause then we could've used his powers.
[Dimple] All espers
have their own mental protection.
As such, it makes it harder
for evil spirits to possess them.
That goes for you guys too.
Not to mention, I'm in a lot weaker
state of being than usual right now.
But normally, I'm able to destroy
people's minds with little effort.
Honestly,
you weren't a big deal before, either.
Don't you get it?
I was weakened then too!
But why is that?
Oh, come on!
Because you almost exorcised--
Never mind, forget it.
[Teru] All right! Let's go!
[tense music playing]
[Ritsu] Good.
The coast is clear.
We're counting on you, Kurosaki.
[grunts]
-We should go this way.
-Let's move.
-There, let's keep going.
-Right.
Huh? Who are you guys?
[gasps, groans]
Easy! Are you trying to kill him?
I guess we both hit him at the same time.
Listen up, Kageyama.
Leave all these lackey grunts to me, okay?
Now, the first thing we should do
is find out where they're holding
your brother.
Oh, okay. Sorry.
[Teru] He's so laid back.
It's really starting to throw me off.
Identify yourselves!
[yelps]
You abducted some kids, didn't you?
Tell us where they are
or you're gonna get it.
[whimpers] Okay, okay.
The children are in the basement.
-He said the basement.
-There we go.
-That wasn't so hard, now was it?
-[grunt yelps]
Thank goodness.
[security guard] You fools.
We can hear you over the radio.
We got intruders. Go capture 'em.
Hold up. Let's contact the Scars
about this.
You never know, they might be espers.
[tense music playing]
[Sakurai] An emergency, huh?
[Koyama] It's gotta be him.
That means Terada got his ass kicked.
First it was Koyama, and now Terada.
What's goin' on?
Again, I didn't lose
to that little twerp, got it?
Terada just rushed into things
without thinking.
I'll take care of him this time.
I'm delighted beyond words
to have the opportunity
to face the little runt again so soon.
Are you saying
we should leave the intruders to you?
Yes, exactly!
Stay outta my way, you bastards!
Don't rush things. There's more
than one intruder to deal with.
What does that matter?
You're gonna lose again.
Is that so? You wanna die first, Sakurai?
Stop it. You're both Scars.
-[Ishiguro] That plan is fine, Koyama.
-Huh?
-[gasps]
-[Ishiguro] Find the intruders.
But you won't get away
with losing to the same person twice.
Yeah, I know.
[Teru] At this point,
we're up against the clock.
Let's split up and look for your brother.
I'll head off to the right.
Kageyama, you take the middle. [gasps]
[both gasp]
Lucky us. It looks
like the mini boss just showed up.
This guy again? Ah, great.
-[dramatic music playing]
-[Koyama] We meet once more.
I beat the crap outta you,
and you can already move?
Well, I'm glad you're doin' all right.
I'll kill you this time, for sure.
And the rest of you.
Now let's both hit him together
with our full powers!
We don't have time for all that.
[Koyama] Oh, yeah? Is that so?
What, are you trying to reserve
your stamina or something?
You're gonna have to face me.
[laughs]
Now die!
He's coming! [gasps]
[grunts]
What? What's happening?
I can't move a finger.
[grunts, screams]
[groans]
[Mob] Sorry.
Didn't think about that being so noisy.
I see.
You meant that you didn't have time
to try to hold back on him.
Didn't expect that from Kageyama.
[Sakurai] Koyama's not responding.
We're dealing with someone powerful here.
Ha! How pathetic.
Let's go.
It's time to show these intruders
the true terror of Claw.
["Refrain Boy" playing]
[song concludes]
[Reigen] Mob infiltrates Claw's hideout
along with Teru and all of his hair
and the body-possessing Dimple.
They end up facing the Scars,
who refuse to hold back.
Think you can win this, Mob?
Next time on Mob Psycho 100,
episode ten,
"The Heinous Aura ~Mastermind~."
Option C involves Blu-rays,
manga volumes, and events!